---
title: Fuze 1-4
layout: post
author: nathan.higgins
permalink: /fuze-1-4/
source-id: 1Dwk7g5rXw-Q8FfjjX7M-yHBfnHkx1hDLRP7EKu_SnrU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Fuze 1-4</td>
  <tr>
<table>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>04/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>I am starting at Fuze 1-4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To finish Fuze 1-4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td>Yes I did complete my target just in time for the end of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by trial and error editing my blog page. It got the code on the internet and adjusted it to the way I needed it to be for my blog. It may have taken a long time to do but it was worth it. With the coding we didn't have really that much time to code as the teacher was explaining are on going homework. However, I did get one exercise done. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited my learning today was that the teacher was explaining our on going homework. We didn't have a whole hour to code only 10 minutes. However, I still achieved my target. Next time we will have a whole hour so I can get more code done.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will get straight on with my work so I can get a whole hour of coding. Also with the homework, I will work out the code faster as I have a rough idea of what the code should look like when I edit it. Also I know now the page will tell you if there is something wrong. That is how I will improve my learning and hopefully I can do more coding next week.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


