---
title: Fuze 1.1 trial
layout: post
author: nathan.higgins
permalink: /fuze-1.1-trial-blog-it/
source-id: 13Lo24qb8sRl9iLC4IRfX8f9L9USMaEzEkPIjyedlglc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze 1.1 trial</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Setting up my Fuze.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td> Do one exercise with Fuze.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I did not reach my target.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the lesson, I did a trial and error method of learning. I was quite effective, however I could of done it better. When setting up the Fuze, I tried putting in the different cables by seeing which slot looked like and if the cable fitted in it. I set it up in the end but it was not as efficient as it could have been.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that limited my learning was the Fuse itself. There were a few technical difficulties with a couple of the Fuses so we couldn't continue the work. The screen made everything become zoomed in so we had to find out how to zoom out on the Fuse. By the time we finished, we only had 10 minutes to do the work assigned to us. We made a start but we could of done a lot more work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson, I will be faster setting up my Fuse as now I know how to do it so I will have more time to do the work set. I will also try to get a Fuse that doesn’t have a zoomed in screen so I can do my work straight away. However, if I do get a zoomed in one I can fix it straight away as I know how to do it now.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


