---
title: Fuze 4-2
layout: post
author: nathan.higgins
permalink: /fuze-4-2/
source-id: 19iQ5QoSVpbVvaJuOMNpzFuuk--Bg-ZZ9iqi5cTrBN_4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Fuze 4-2</td>
  <tr>
<table>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>06/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>Fuze 4-2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To complete Fuze 4-2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> Yes I did achieve my target.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, I learnt by using past knowledge. I remembered from last time that all the wires had to be on the same vertical line for power to get to all of them. By knowing that, I could complete my target with ease. I learned a couple of things along the way but most of it was covered lasted task.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that limited my learning was that not knowing where to put the code in my blog. When trying to improve my blog, I tried to make my table have an opaque color in some boxes. However, I didn't not know where to put the code, but I knew what the code was. If I thought outside of the box and tried new things, I could have done what I wanted to do and my blog would look great.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will think more out of the box and try different things to improve my blog. In lessons, I will keep on doing the same thing and get all the work done. If I think outside of the box, I can make my blog even better than before and more unique. That is how I will improve my learning for next time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


