---
title: Fuze 4-1
layout: post
author: nathan.higgins
permalink: /fuze-4-1/
source-id: 1uZjfKXe6hOZIU1_-0eiwBBQWv9-zvptRUigyaWNLFFU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Fuze 4-1 (Flashing Lights)</td>
  <tr>
<table>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>21/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>Fuze 4-1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To Finish project 4-1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> No I did not complete my target.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, the only way I could learn was by using perseverance The coding was really hard and the only way of completing it for us was trial and error. Unfortunately, we didn't complete it this week but we will next week. For changing my blog, I applied my past knowledge to change fonts in my blog and attempt to make some of my blog transparent and make my table headers have a different color to the rest of my table.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that limited my learning was that the code was really hard, especially putting the wires and LED’s in the correct positions. If we asked are neighbours what was wrong maybe we could have found out our mistakes and fixed them instead of wasting a entire lesson fiddling with wires and making no progress. This would have maybe made us achieve our target.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will ask for advice I we get stuck and try to figger out our mistakes quicker. I will look deeper in the text and see where we went wrong and rectify it quickly. If we do this, we will get more work done and will learn from our mistakes and therefore find future tasks easier. That is how I will improve my learning for next time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


