---
title: Fuze 1-3
layout: post
author: nathan.higgins
permalink: /fuze-1-3/
source-id: 1k-FT8G3efxH3nU62M4NeS1uViwoEY6LRqe5JA8GUxCk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <th>Fuze 1-3</td>
    <th>Date</td>
    <td>27/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Fuze-3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get through one and a half projects.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> No I did not reach my target. I only got through one exercise. I only just started 1-4.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Following the instructions carefully was the best way of learning. Now I have tested out the best ways of learning, I have come to a conclusion that reading the instructions carefully but skim read the explanation of the code. It takes too long, to read all of the information and you don't understand what you are doing if you miss out the explanation. That is why you skim read as you read the important explanations and still understand the coding and get it right.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited my learning was that we were slow at putting the Fuze box together. We had no socket to put the wires into. So, we moved screens to find one with a socket nearby. Then we worked with no problems.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, we will check there is a socket in hand so we can start straight away. Also we will stick with the same strategy of learning; skim reading the explanation and reading the code carefully. That is what we will do next time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


