---
title: Fuze 2-1
layout: post
author: nathan.higgins
permalink: /fuze-2-1/
source-id: 1Gas14DqocWhBxo81WvDmziR85AXlF_15jf3oYB5qwAQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Fuze 2-1</td>
  <tr>
<table>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>15/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>I started at Fuze 2-1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To finish Fuze 2-1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> Yes I did reach my target. I got halfway through Fuze 2-2.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we had to persevere in doing some of Fuze 2-2 as we were working with wires. We had to put the correct cables in the correct sockets and try to implement the right code to make the LED's turn on. In the end, we didn’t complete it but we will next lesson.  Also we had to read the code carefully because it was complicated in  Fuze 2-1 as if you got even 1 semicolon wrong, it wouldn’t work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that limited my learning was time. We were too slow to complete Fuze 2-2 so next time if we chat less we will get more work done. Also, with my blog, if I took responsible risks, I could have made my blog really good as if it worked the blog would look great and if it didn't I could have changed it easily.  That is why I should have taken more risks while improving my blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will be more concentrated when working so I can get more coding done and be more accurate when typing the code so I don’t miss out and semicolons etc... and when improving my blog I will take more responsible risks to make my blog unique and not bland. If I do this I will work better and more efficiently and my work will be a lot better. That is what I will change next lesson to my learning.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


