---
title: Fuse1-2
layout: post
author: nathan.higgins
permalink: /fuse1-2/
source-id: 16sLmHct6EAjOyGLS2A-50tRr6OYPhQI658ao8L6oQD8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Fuse 1-2</td>
  <tr>
<table>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>20/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>I Started at 1-2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To see how far I could get.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> Yes because I got as far as I could.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by reading the booklet and testing each other by opening up another tab to practise what we had just learnt. It was a bit effective but I forgot some of the stuff from last week so I might change my method next week and experiment with learning methods.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that limited my learning was we didn't actually turn on the Fuse box and we thought it was broken and spent 5 minutes taking out plugs and inserting them trying to solve the problem. Then we realised we didn’t turn it on and turned it on.  Another thing that limited my learning, was that I was helping other groups with saving their work. It wasn’t a problem to help them but it limited my learning time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will make sure I actually turn on my Fuse box. In addition, I will try out new learning techniques to improve my learning so I can remember the code a bit more. This will mean I will get more out of the lesson. That is how I will improve my learning. Also, I will focus more on my work instead of helping others. However, I still did a good amount of work today.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


